hi I'm Kyra and I'm here at 500 and it's
pretty here and I grew up in Taiwan and
I went to Stanford for my grad school
yes especially for you I wanted to make
this interview with Stanford graduate
who's actually doing written for
business so you know what Stanford Lisa
so why did she Stanford so I chose
Stanford because I wanted to comment in
Silicon Valley and to see what people
are doing in this startup world which in
Taiwan a lot of people are desperate and
knowing what's the other students are
good at once therapist did want to be
when they graduate so they're famous or
the startup man so what did you study
I studied Electrical Engineering uh-huh
so was it difficult to get into Stanford
how was this process did you use an
agent I did everything by yourself so I
did everything by myself by that time I
was an exchange student in making
University so I was preparing all my
things like online like just emailing my
professors say I need this
recommendation letter
and just like sending my SOPs back and
forth to different people and get their
feedback until I feel uncomfortable to
send it mm-hmm so were there any exams
well did would you have to take I had to
take GRE and TOEFL so how old how was
Jerry Selfridge right I went to seek
apart to take it because it's haiwan
there wasn't there was only bitten you
know detest him so I went to Singapore
to take the computer johnny test which
is simpler and easier to prepare yeah so
that was interesting it was like a trip
to seek employment actually taking tests
that you are you yeah I did my cat in
Helsinki so trouble exactly yeah the it
was the old standard I was six 4800 in
the math oh cool and what about joyful
joyful I scored 116 Wow pretty good yeah
I think it was a lot the old standard
too baby I think it's a beauty because
20 yeah yeah cool very well done so that
was it so you needed Gerry toy full
letters of recommendation turning myself
II gather whatever combination night
three three and sop is a statement of
purposes like what if I better did you
did you talk about startup world in your
recipe yeah yeah I particularly said
that I know like electrical engineering
can be very powerful which is why by
that time I didn't know I'm going so I'm
doing a start-up and the Internet of
Things so which is like it's really
related to electrical engineering that's
you got a half device around the space
weather sensor or and just uploading
information to the cloud
yes mo bacon was like at mo bagel with
Google Analytics for Tracy's product
tracks health when you use it and all
that gives you all that insight yeah
yeah yeah yes in my application
oh I did mention like how he can power
the world but there there wasn't a term
IOT
so if I read like that you're ready
I just set up man I would just say like
like why I want them to Stanford because
of the Silicon Valley resources Stanford
resources sanfur has a lot of courses
like how to do a start-up with the YC
founders yeah so that's what that I
didn't know that back then I just wanted
to say like why I want to come to see ya
very specifically released yeah yeah did
you have any background in employment I
mean were you employed before that no no
no um so you went straight up to
voucherize yeah so I wasn't a bachelor's
and then I went to do exchange student
in the university then I went straight
to Stanford so I think probably like
during my undergrad I participated in
this entrepreneurship program so and
that professor about my recommendation
letter so yeah I think that yeah
mmm-hmm tips don't give you some kind of
financial aid no nothing did you have
any backup loan if stem but wouldn't
work where would you go
I actually were were thinking about
going to Princeton just study my W PhD
yeah so it's gonna be a totally
different path yeah yes yeah yeah
similar to you yeah you have to choose
yeah cool and so how did you decide to
start up your business did you meet your
colleagues in Stanford as well no
actually I met my colleagues in
Salesforce one-millionth hackathon so
you did it junior cities no no it was
after I graduated yeah and you met all
of them and you decided - it wasn't your
idea it wasn't it wasn't my idea it was
um so our startup the founder Adams
he actually had a lot of things in mind
that he wanted to do and IOT was only
one of his idea back then but it was me
who was like you need to decide what you
want to do yeah we have we can only do
them at a time yeah just be pushy yeah
so that's how we that's how so
eventually I decided to join and mo mega
has this very nice story they also had
interview with I see
yeah yeah could you tell me more about
that so did you apply to confront
so you did application 504 I see as well
and then we see go back to you first oh
no no no 500 go somewhere to you yeah
and then and then you went to the
interview so and you had two interviews
with YC right so you had the first one
with press set of founders and then
second one with the second set of
father's yes in the safety what about
500 you came here to be open to have
this interview okay cool and so what do
you think about my hundred is it helpful
what what what is the most important
thing I think the most important thing
is that
when you're struggling they'll tell you
where to go I think that's the most
important thing because a lot of
founders can get into fights like
whether to do that or that like you can
see three options and you cannot decide
so yeah you could just keep debating or
you can just have someone you're yeah
yeah tell someone that yeah somewhere
from outside
don't say the pros and cons in if it
were her what would she choose so the
answer it usually yeah
pretty clear this is very yeah yeah and
then you can just like eliminate like
just be more efficient
yeah and eliminate eliminate time on
Friday or just arguing or trying to
prove what is right yeah just to have
somebody with experience tell you yeah
yeah yeah I wish we had a POCs option
program as well so yeah exactly so then
when a weekly basis a quick
could you give advice to my my audience
so if they want to go to Stanford what
do they have to like crucial things to
get in
I think you just have to believe in
yourself yeah because I like hard work
hard play hard yeah yeah because I meet
a lot of students and people might be
very think it's intimidating to apply
because they won't get it yeah so you
just have to believe in yourself yeah
you just have to just apply yeah just go
get you a chair you go get it yeah when
did you apply so your program set in
September you blind in December
Oh December so yes at early start this
year yeah okay cool thank you so much
yeah
thank you very much